docs/themer/options/options.md, before:

#Options
Option Sets can have global settings for things like Media Sources and controlling whether or not dynamic asynchronous XHR calls should occur. The visual Settings that display in the browser, can also have sub-sets that serve to keep things organized.

## Global Settings

The followng control individual settings and grouping for an Element in a Fred-powered page.

### remote
If set to `true` XHR request will be fired to render the Element through both Twig and MODX parsers. This means you can have dynamic content that references other pages within a Fred page using MODX Snippets.

### mediaSource
Name of the Media Source to use for Finder. Multiple Names can be passed separated by comma `,`.

### imageMediaSource
Name of the Media Source to use for Image fields. Multiple Names can be passed separated by comma `,`. This option overrides `mediaSource`.

## Settings

Settings are made of a JSON array of objects and [group objects](#setting-groups) which provide configuratin controls for Elements. Settings can [import](themer/options/import) sub-sets of settings using a `fred-import` object.

### Available setting properties
- name - Name of the setting, can be used as a Twig variable
- label - Setting's Label, displayed in the Element Settings panel
- type - Type of the setting
- value - Default value

### Available types
- text 
    - `input type="text"`
    - any text value
- select
    - Single select value
    - Type specific properties:
        - options - An object of `value:label` properties
- toggle 
    - true/false checkbox
    - returns logical `true` or `false`
    
- colorswatch
    - Visual color picker, from predefined values
    - Type specific properties:
        - options 
            - An array of colors; Example: `["lightcoral", "red", "black"]`
            - Color can be either a `string` or an `object` with following properties:
                - value - the value passed to Twig for the color, which can be anything
                - color - the displayed color for the swatch
                - label - an arbitrary label for the swatch

- colorpicker
    - Color picker
    - Type specific properties:
        - showAlpha - boolean to show alpha slider; Default: `true`
        - options - An array of colors; Example: `["lightcoral", "red", "black"]`

- slider
    - Slider input for numbers
    - Type specific properties:
        - min - **REQURED**; Minimum value of the slider
        - max - **REQURED**; Maximum value of the slider
        - tooltipDecimals: Number of decimals to show in slider's tooltip; Default: 0
        - step: Number to increment slider's value; Default: 1
  
- page
    - MODX Page select
    - Value is returned as an object in format: `{"id": 1, "url": "fred.html"}`
        - Refrencing ID or URL alone is done through the dot syntax: `{{ page-name-example.id}}`
    - Type specific properties:
        - clearButton - If set to `true` button to clear select will appear
        - parents - If set, only resource from these parents (including parents itself) will show; Value can be string with a comma as a separator or an array
        - resources - If set, only resource with specified IDs will show; Value can be string with a comma as a separator or an array
        - depth - Depth to look for children for specified `parents`; Default: 1
- image
    - Image select
    - Type specific properties:
        - showPreview - If set to `false` preview won't appear under the text input
        - mediaSource - Name of the Media Source to use; Overrides `imageMediaSource` global setting.  
- tagger
    - Select for Tagger tags
    - Type specific properties:
        - autoTag - true/false to show/hide the auto tag
        - hideInput - true/false to show/hide the input
        - group - ID of the Tagger group to use
        - limit - Limit of tags that can be selected

### Setting Groups

Groups are used to organize related Option Sets, or to remove infrequently used settings from the main view.

- group - Name of a group of related sub-settings that open when clicked in a secondary panel. The value of the group property will be used as the label for the group
- settings - An array of setting objects

```json
{
    "group": "Group Name",
    "settings": [
        {
            …
        },
        {
            …
        }
    ]
}
```



## Example
```json
{
    "settings": [
        {
            "name": "panel_class",
            "label": "Panel Class",
            "type": "text",
            "value": ""
        },
        {
            "group": "CTA",
            "settings": [
                {
                    "name": "cta_class",
                    "label": "CTA Class",
                    "type": "select",
                    "options": {
                        "danger": "Red CTA",
                        "info": "Blue CTA",
                        "default": "Default CTA"
                    },
                    "value": "default"
                },
                {
                    "name": "show_cta",
                    "label": "Show CTA",
                    "type": "toggle",
                    "value": false
                },
                {
                    "name": "color",
                    "label": "Text Color",
                    "type": "colorswatch",
                    "value": "black",
                    "options": [{"value":"primary", "color":"blue","label":"Primary"}, "lightcoral", "black", "rgba(0,255,0,.5)"]
                },
                {
                    "name": "bg_color",
                    "label": "Background COlor",
                    "type": "colorpicker",
                    "value": "white",
                    "showAlpha": true,
                    "options": ["lightcoral", "black", "white"]
                },
                {
                    "name": "page",
                    "label": "Page",
                    "type": "page",
                    "value": {"id":1, "url": "[[~1]]"}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Add file type to element settings
Resolves #85

docs/themer/options/options.md, after:

#Options
Option Sets can have global settings for things like Media Sources and controlling whether or not dynamic asynchronous XHR calls should occur. The visual Settings that display in the browser, can also have sub-sets that serve to keep things organized.

## Global Settings

The followng control individual settings and grouping for an Element in a Fred-powered page.

### remote
If set to `true` XHR request will be fired to render the Element through both Twig and MODX parsers. This means you can have dynamic content that references other pages within a Fred page using MODX Snippets.

### mediaSource
Name of the Media Source to use for Finder. Multiple Names can be passed separated by comma `,`.

### imageMediaSource
Name of the Media Source to use for Image fields. Multiple Names can be passed separated by comma `,`. This option overrides `mediaSource`.

## Settings

Settings are made of a JSON array of objects and [group objects](#setting-groups) which provide configuratin controls for Elements. Settings can [import](themer/options/import) sub-sets of settings using a `fred-import` object.

### Available setting properties
- name - Name of the setting, can be used as a Twig variable
- label - Setting's Label, displayed in the Element Settings panel
- type - Type of the setting
- value - Default value

### Available types
- text 
    - `input type="text"`
    - any text value
- select
    - Single select value
    - Type specific properties:
        - options - An object of `value:label` properties
- toggle 
    - true/false checkbox
    - returns logical `true` or `false`
    
- colorswatch
    - Visual color picker, from predefined values
    - Type specific properties:
        - options 
            - An array of colors; Example: `["lightcoral", "red", "black"]`
            - Color can be either a `string` or an `object` with following properties:
                - value - the value passed to Twig for the color, which can be anything
                - color - the displayed color for the swatch
                - label - an arbitrary label for the swatch

- colorpicker
    - Color picker
    - Type specific properties:
        - showAlpha - boolean to show alpha slider; Default: `true`
        - options - An array of colors; Example: `["lightcoral", "red", "black"]`

- slider
    - Slider input for numbers
    - Type specific properties:
        - min - **REQURED**; Minimum value of the slider
        - max - **REQURED**; Maximum value of the slider
        - tooltipDecimals: Number of decimals to show in slider's tooltip; Default: 0
        - step: Number to increment slider's value; Default: 1
  
- page
    - MODX Page select
    - Value is returned as an object in format: `{"id": 1, "url": "fred.html"}`
        - Refrencing ID or URL alone is done through the dot syntax: `{{ page-name-example.id}}`
    - Type specific properties:
        - clearButton - If set to `true` button to clear select will appear
        - parents - If set, only resource from these parents (including parents itself) will show; Value can be string with a comma as a separator or an array
        - resources - If set, only resource with specified IDs will show; Value can be string with a comma as a separator or an array
        - depth - Depth to look for children for specified `parents`; Default: 1
- image
    - Image select
    - Type specific properties:
        - showPreview - If set to `false` preview won't appear under the text input
        - mediaSource - Name of the Media Source to use; Overrides `imageMediaSource` global setting.
- file
    - File select
    - Type specific properties:
        - mediaSource - Name of the Media Source to use; Overrides `mediaSource` global setting.  
- tagger
    - Select for Tagger tags
    - Type specific properties:
        - autoTag - true/false to show/hide the auto tag
        - hideInput - true/false to show/hide the input
        - group - ID of the Tagger group to use
        - limit - Limit of tags that can be selected

### Setting Groups

Groups are used to organize related Option Sets, or to remove infrequently used settings from the main view.

- group - Name of a group of related sub-settings that open when clicked in a secondary panel. The value of the group property will be used as the label for the group
- settings - An array of setting objects

```json
{
    "group": "Group Name",
    "settings": [
        {
            …
        },
        {
            …
        }
    ]
}
```



## Example
```json
{
    "settings": [
        {
            "name": "panel_class",
            "label": "Panel Class",
            "type": "text",
            "value": ""
        },
        {
            "group": "CTA",
            "settings": [
                {
                    "name": "cta_class",
                    "label": "CTA Class",
                    "type": "select",
                    "options": {
                        "danger": "Red CTA",
                        "info": "Blue CTA",
                        "default": "Default CTA"
                    },
                    "value": "default"
                },
                {
                    "name": "show_cta",
                    "label": "Show CTA",
                    "type": "toggle",
                    "value": false
                },
                {
                    "name": "color",
                    "label": "Text Color",
                    "type": "colorswatch",
                    "value": "black",
                    "options": [{"value":"primary", "color":"blue","label":"Primary"}, "lightcoral", "black", "rgba(0,255,0,.5)"]
                },
                {
                    "name": "bg_color",
                    "label": "Background COlor",
                    "type": "colorpicker",
                    "value": "white",
                    "showAlpha": true,
                    "options": ["lightcoral", "black", "white"]
                },
                {
                    "name": "page",
                    "label": "Page",
                    "type": "page",
                    "value": {"id":1, "url": "[[~1]]"}
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```
